api-rc.ton.com.br
plans.api.ton.com.br
statement.api.ton.com.br
rastreie.ton.com.br
lp.api.ton.com.br
link.ton.com.br
www.ton.com.br
catalogorendaton.ton.com.br
chat.api.ton.com.br
bilheton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
users.api.ton.com.br
vpn.sdx.ton.com.br
supporton.api.ton.com.br
supporton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
supporton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
risk.api.ton.com.br
risk.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
risk.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tonnamao.ton.com.br
tonnamao.pre-prd.ton.com.br
tonnamao.sdx.ton.com.br
insurance.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
insurance.api.ton.com.br
proxy-rocket.ton.com.br
proxy-rocket.pre-prd.ton.com.br
proxy-weni.ton.com.br
proxy-weni.pre-prd.ton.com.br
campanhaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
vpn.pre-prd.ton.com.br
proxy-weni.sdx.ton.com.br
circuiton.api.ton.com.br
api-lua.ton.com.br
consigned-websocket.api.ton.com.br
consigned.api.ton.com.br
consigned.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
consigned-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
consigned.api.sdx.ton.com.br
consigned-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.br
incidenton.sdx.ton.com.br
orders.api.ton.com.br
rocketon-router-inbound.sdx.ton.com.br
shop.api.ton.com.br
admin.sdx.ton.com.br
rocketon-router-rc.sdx.ton.com.br
workfinity-cache.api.ton.com.br
rc-uploads.ton.com.br
trackton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
incidenton.ton.com.br
proxy-rocket.sdx.ton.com.br
billington.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
billington.api.ton.com.br
atlanton.ton.com.br
lua.ton.com.br
intermeton-v2.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
atlanton.sdx.ton.com.br
insurance.api.sdx.ton.com.br
lua.pre-prd.ton.com.br
webchat.sdx.ton.com.br
chat.api.sdx.ton.com.br
chat.wss.sdx.ton.com.br
billington.api.sdx.ton.com.br
sou.ton.com.br
sni.cloudflaressl.com
api.sdx.ton.com.br
*.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
*.pre-prd.ton.com.br
*.sdx.ton.com.br
pre-prd.ton.com.br
*.api.sdx.ton.com.br
sdx.ton.com.br
pluton.ton.com.br
webchat.ton.com.br
lua.api.sdx.ton.com.br
t-rex.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
t-rex.api.sdx.ton.com.br
t-rex.api.ton.com.br
lua.sdx.ton.com.br
openfinance.api.sdx.ton.com.br
registraton.api.ton.com.br
registraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
internal.pre-prd.ton.com.br
*.api.internal.pre-prd.ton.com.brapi.internal.pre-prd.ton.com.br*.internal.pre-prd.ton.com.brinternal.pre-prd.ton.com.br
internal.ton.com.br
*.api.internal.ton.com.brapi.internal.ton.com.br*.internal.ton.com.brinternal.ton.com.br
rc.sdx.ton.com.br
mtls-api.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br
external.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br
sdx.ton.stone.com.br
elis.api.ton.com.br
elis.api.sdx.ton.com.br
elis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
internal.sdx.ton.com.br
*.api.internal.sdx.ton.com.brapi.internal.sdx.ton.com.br*.internal.sdx.ton.com.brinternal.sdx.ton.com.br
escamboton-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
escamboton-websocket.api.ton.com.br
circuiton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
keys.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
keys.api.sdx.ton.com.br
keys.api.ton.com.br
gerenton.api.ton.com.br
openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br
registraton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
api.qa.vizir.ton.com.br
api.preprd.vizir.ton.com.br
admin.pre-prd.ton.com.br
biometron.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
tonbot.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
documentos.ton.com.br
tonkenizaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
transferton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
assets.pre-prd.ton.com.br
capton-hook.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
catalogorendaton.pre-prd.ton.com.br
api-admin.pre-prd.ton.com.br
documentos.pre-prd.ton.com.br
authorizer.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
connecton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
orders.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
pluton.api.ton.com.br
pluton-websocket.api.ton.com.br
documentos.sdx.ton.com.br
workfinity-cache.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
workfinity-cache.api.sdx.ton.com.br
ctf.api.sdx.ton.com.br
customer-satisfaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
leads.api.ton.com.br
gerenton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tapton.ton.com.br
loans.api.sdx.ton.com.br
customer-satisfaton.api.ton.com.br
tonzilla.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
*.api.sdx.ton.com.br*.sdx.ton.com.brsdx.ton.com.br
*.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br*.pre-prd.ton.com.brpre-prd.ton.com.br
sdx.tapton.com.brsdx.tometapton.com.brsdx.ton.com.br
leads.api.sdx.ton.com.br
authorizer.api.sdx.ton.com.br
dev.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tonkenizaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
biometron.api.sdx.ton.com.br
catalogorendaton.sdx.ton.com.br
transferton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
api-admin.sdx.ton.com.br
tonzilla.api.sdx.ton.com.br
connecton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
risk-operations.sdx.ton.com.br
mocks.sdx.ton.com.br
tap-phone.api.sdx.ton.com.br
capton-hook.api.sdx.ton.com.br
logistica.sdx.ton.com.br
assets.sdx.ton.com.br
escamboton-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.br
transactions.api.sdx.ton.com.br
transactions.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
orders.api.sdx.ton.com.br
rendaextra.api.ton.com.br
customer-satisfaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tapton.pre-prd.ton.com.br
shop.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
certificaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tonbot.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tapton.sdx.ton.com.br
pluton.sdx.ton.com.br
linkton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
risk-operations.pre-prd.ton.com.br
jarvis.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tap-phone.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
terminals.api.sdx.ton.com.br
linkton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
leads.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
loans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
jarvis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
terminals.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
intermeton-v2.api.sdx.ton.com.br
ton.com.br
*.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br*.api.sdx.ton.com.br*.api.ton.com.br*.pre-prd.ton.com.brpre-prd.ton.com.br*.sdx.ton.com.brsdx.ton.com.br*.ton.com.brton.com.br
intermeton.api.ton.com.br
rendaextra.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
intermeton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
escamboton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
escamboton.api.ton.com.br
ton-stock.api.sdx.ton.com.br
escamboton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
ton-stock.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
ton-stock.api.ton.com.br
shop.api.sdx.ton.com.br
intermeton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
workfinity-query.api.ton.com.br
workfinity-query.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
workfinity-query.api.sdx.ton.com.br
pre-prd.tapton.com.brpre-prd.tometapton.com.brpre-prd.ton.com.br
chat.wss.ton.com.br
chat.wss.ton.com.brwss.ton.com.br
cacheton.api.ton.com.br
migraton.api.ton.com.br
cacheton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
tapton.com.brtometapton.com.brton.com.brwww.tapton.com.brwww.tometapton.com.br
cards.api.ton.com.br
migraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
cacheton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
migraton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
ajuda.ton.com.br
metabase.ton.com.br
metabase.sdx.ton.com.br
metabase.pre-prd.ton.com.br
privacidade.ton.com.br
cards.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
api-tonflags.pre-prd.ton.com.br
access.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
access.api.ton.com.br
pluton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
cards.api.sdx.ton.com.br
pluton-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.br
users.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
rendaextra.pre-prd.ton.com.br
rendaextra.ton.com.br
iamton.api.ton.com.br
iamton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
metrics-ton.ton.com.br
rendaextra.api.sdx.ton.com.br
mpos.ton.com.br
mpos.sdx.ton.com.br
access.api.sdx.ton.com.br
mpos.pre-prd.ton.com.br
ton.stone.com.br
*.api.sdx.ton.com.br*.sdx.ton.com.br
iamton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
payments.api.ton.com.br
payments.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
payments.api.sdx.ton.com.br
printon.api.sdx.ton.com.br
tonpass.api.ton.com.br
smoffice.ton.com.br
tonpass.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
plugin-rc.ton.com.br
smoffice.sdx.ton.com.br
smoffice.pre-prd.ton.com.br
metrics-ton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
rendaextra.sdx.ton.com.br
users.api.sdx.ton.com.br
link.sdx.ton.com.br
link.pre-prd.ton.com.br
*.api.ton.com.br*.ton.com.brton.com.br
mypocton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
ura.api.ton.com.br
leaton.api.ton.com.br
leaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
leaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
transformaton.ton.com.br
transformaton.sdx.ton.com.br
lua.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
short.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
short.api.sdx.ton.com.br
short.api.ton.com.br
registon.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
registon.api.ton.com.br
registon.api.sdx.ton.com.br
id.vizir-id.ton.com.br
statement.api.sdx.ton.com.br
statement.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
pixton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
*.ton.com.br
*.ton.com.brton.com.br
id.preprd.vizir-id.ton.com.br
id.qa.vizir-id.ton.com.br
tonpass.api.sdx.ton.com.br
bannerton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
bannerton.api.sdx.ton.com.br
bannerton.api.ton.com.br
www.sdx.ton.com.br
www.pre-prd.ton.com.br
referrers.api.ton.com.br
statements.api.ton.com.br
ura.api.sdx.ton.com.br
referrers.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
referrers.api.sdx.ton.com.br
statements.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
statements.api.sdx.ton.com.br
plans.api.sdx.ton.com.br
plans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
pre-prd.ton.stone.com.br
preprd.vizir-id.ton.com.br
*.preprd.vizir-id.ton.com.brpreprd.vizir-id.ton.com.br
vizir-id.ton.com.br
*.vizir-id.ton.com.brvizir-id.ton.com.br
qa.vizir-id.ton.com.br
*.qa.vizir-id.ton.com.brqa.vizir-id.ton.com.br
api-lua.sdx.ton.com.br
auton-journey.ton.com.br
metabase-ext.sdx.ton.com.br
airflow.sdx.ton.com.br
mypocton.sdx.ton.com.br
ton-perguntando.sdx.ton.com.br
pix.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
pix.api.sdx.ton.com.br
preprd.vizir.ton.com.br
*.preprd.vizir.ton.com.brpreprd.vizir.ton.com.br
qa.vizir.ton.com.br
*.qa.vizir.ton.com.brqa.vizir.ton.com.br
pix.api.ton.com.br
migration.api.ton.com.br
payments.ton.com.br
elis.api.preprd.ton.com.br
dev.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
migration.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
logistica.pre-prd.ton.com.br
asseton.ton.com.br
asseton.sdx.ton.com.br
api-jarvis.sdx.ton.com.br
dev.sdx.ton.com.br
migration.api.sdx.ton.com.br
pja.api.sdx.ton.com.br
mocks.ton.com.br
shop.api.preprd.ton.com.br
pja.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
intermeton-sdx.ton.com.br
tonhenkins.sdx.ton.com.br
tonhenkins.ton.com.br
chat.wss.ton.com.br*.ton.com.brton.com.br*.wss.ton.com.brwss.ton.com.br
wss.ton.com.br
*.ton.com.brton.com.br*.wss.ton.com.brwss.ton.com.br
rc.pre-prd.ton.com.br
elasticsearch.pre-prd.ton.com.br
rc.ton.com.br
rocket-chat.ton.com.br
pluton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
web.api.sdx.ton.com.br
ocr.api.sdx.ton.com.br
bank-accounts.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
bank-accounts.api.sdx.ton.com.br
jarvis.sdx.ton.com.br
api-tonbot.lojastonemais.com.br
tonews.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br
camunda.ton.com.br
grafana.pre-prd.ton.com.br
rc.lojastonemais.com.br
rc.ton.com.brrocket-chat.ton.com.brwww.rc.ton.com.brwww.rocket-chat.ton.com.br
mocks.pre-prd.ton.com.br
rc.ton.com.brrocket-chat.ton.com.brwww.rocket-chat.ton.com.br
rocket-chat.sdx.ton.com.br


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api-rc.ton.com.br is reachable
api-rc.ton.com.brapi-rc.ton.com.br is valid, but service unavailable!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
plans.api.ton.com.br is reachable
plans.api.ton.com.brplans.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
statement.api.ton.com.br is reachable
statement.api.ton.com.brstatement.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rastreie.ton.com.br is reachable
rastreie.ton.com.brrastreie.ton.com.br is not valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
lp.api.ton.com.br is reachable
lp.api.ton.com.brlp.api.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
link.ton.com.br is reachable
link.ton.com.brlink.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
www.ton.com.br is reachable
www.ton.com.brwww.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
chat.api.ton.com.br is reachable
chat.api.ton.com.brchat.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
bilheton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
bilheton.api.sdx.ton.com.brbilheton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
users.api.ton.com.br is reachable
users.api.ton.com.brusers.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
vpn.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
vpn.sdx.ton.com.brvpn.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
supporton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
supporton.api.ton.com.brsupporton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
supporton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
supporton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brsupporton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
supporton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
supporton.api.sdx.ton.com.brsupporton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
risk.api.ton.com.br is reachable
risk.api.ton.com.brrisk.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
risk.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
risk.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brrisk.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
risk.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
risk.api.sdx.ton.com.brrisk.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonnamao.ton.com.br is reachable
tonnamao.ton.com.brtonnamao.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonnamao.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
tonnamao.pre-prd.ton.com.brtonnamao.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonnamao.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
tonnamao.sdx.ton.com.brtonnamao.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
insurance.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
insurance.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brinsurance.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
insurance.api.ton.com.br is reachable
insurance.api.ton.com.brinsurance.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
proxy-rocket.ton.com.br is reachable
proxy-rocket.ton.com.brproxy-rocket.ton.com.br is valid, but gateway timeout!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
proxy-rocket.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
proxy-rocket.pre-prd.ton.com.brproxy-rocket.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but bad gateway!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
proxy-weni.ton.com.br is reachable
proxy-weni.ton.com.brproxy-weni.ton.com.br is not valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
proxy-weni.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
proxy-weni.pre-prd.ton.com.brproxy-weni.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but bad gateway!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
campanhaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
campanhaton.api.sdx.ton.com.brcampanhaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
vpn.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
vpn.pre-prd.ton.com.brvpn.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
proxy-weni.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
proxy-weni.sdx.ton.com.brproxy-weni.sdx.ton.com.br is not valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
circuiton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
circuiton.api.ton.com.brcircuiton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api-lua.ton.com.br is reachable
api-lua.ton.com.brapi-lua.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
consigned-websocket.api.ton.com.br is reachable
consigned-websocket.api.ton.com.brconsigned-websocket.api.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
consigned.api.ton.com.br is reachable
consigned.api.ton.com.brconsigned.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
consigned.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
consigned.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brconsigned.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
consigned-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
consigned-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brconsigned-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
consigned.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
consigned.api.sdx.ton.com.brconsigned.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
consigned-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
consigned-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.brconsigned-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
incidenton.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
incidenton.sdx.ton.com.brincidenton.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
orders.api.ton.com.br is reachable
orders.api.ton.com.brorders.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rocketon-router-inbound.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
rocketon-router-inbound.sdx.ton.com.brrocketon-router-inbound.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but service unavailable!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
shop.api.ton.com.br is reachable
shop.api.ton.com.brshop.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
admin.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
admin.sdx.ton.com.bradmin.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rocketon-router-rc.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
rocketon-router-rc.sdx.ton.com.brrocketon-router-rc.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but service unavailable!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
workfinity-cache.api.ton.com.br is reachable
workfinity-cache.api.ton.com.brworkfinity-cache.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rc-uploads.ton.com.br is reachable
rc-uploads.ton.com.brrc-uploads.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
trackton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
trackton.api.sdx.ton.com.brtrackton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
incidenton.ton.com.br is reachable
incidenton.ton.com.brincidenton.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
proxy-rocket.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
proxy-rocket.sdx.ton.com.brproxy-rocket.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
billington.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
billington.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brbillington.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
billington.api.ton.com.br is reachable
billington.api.ton.com.brbillington.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
atlanton.ton.com.br is reachable
atlanton.ton.com.bratlanton.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
lua.ton.com.br is reachable
lua.ton.com.brlua.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
atlanton.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
atlanton.sdx.ton.com.bratlanton.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
insurance.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
insurance.api.sdx.ton.com.brinsurance.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
lua.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
lua.pre-prd.ton.com.brlua.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
webchat.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
webchat.sdx.ton.com.brwebchat.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
chat.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
chat.api.sdx.ton.com.brchat.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
chat.wss.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
chat.wss.sdx.ton.com.brchat.wss.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
billington.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
billington.api.sdx.ton.com.brbillington.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
sou.ton.com.br is reachable
sou.ton.com.brsou.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
sni.cloudflaressl.com is reachable
sni.cloudflaressl.comsni.cloudflaressl.com is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
api.sdx.ton.com.brapi.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
pre-prd.ton.com.brpre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
sdx.ton.com.brsdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
pluton.ton.com.br is reachable
pluton.ton.com.brpluton.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
webchat.ton.com.br is reachable
webchat.ton.com.brwebchat.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
lua.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
lua.api.sdx.ton.com.brlua.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
t-rex.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
t-rex.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brt-rex.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
t-rex.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
t-rex.api.sdx.ton.com.brt-rex.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
t-rex.api.ton.com.br is reachable
t-rex.api.ton.com.brt-rex.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
lua.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
lua.sdx.ton.com.brlua.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
openfinance.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
openfinance.api.sdx.ton.com.bropenfinance.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
registraton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
registraton.api.ton.com.brregistraton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
registraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
registraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brregistraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rc.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
rc.sdx.ton.com.brrc.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
mtls-api.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
mtls-api.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.brmtls-api.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br is not valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
external.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
external.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.brexternal.openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br is not valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
elis.api.ton.com.br is reachable
elis.api.ton.com.brelis.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
elis.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
elis.api.sdx.ton.com.brelis.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
elis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
elis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brelis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
escamboton-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
escamboton-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brescamboton-websocket.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
escamboton-websocket.api.ton.com.br is reachable
escamboton-websocket.api.ton.com.brescamboton-websocket.api.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
circuiton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
circuiton.api.sdx.ton.com.brcircuiton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
keys.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
keys.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brkeys.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
keys.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
keys.api.sdx.ton.com.brkeys.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
keys.api.ton.com.br is reachable
keys.api.ton.com.brkeys.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
gerenton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
gerenton.api.ton.com.brgerenton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
openfinance.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
openfinance.sdx.ton.com.bropenfinance.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
registraton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
registraton.api.sdx.ton.com.brregistraton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api.qa.vizir.ton.com.br is reachable
api.qa.vizir.ton.com.brapi.qa.vizir.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api.preprd.vizir.ton.com.br is reachable
api.preprd.vizir.ton.com.brapi.preprd.vizir.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
admin.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
admin.pre-prd.ton.com.bradmin.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
biometron.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
biometron.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brbiometron.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonbot.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
tonbot.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brtonbot.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
documentos.ton.com.br is reachable
documentos.ton.com.brdocumentos.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonkenizaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
tonkenizaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brtonkenizaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
transferton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
transferton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brtransferton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
assets.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
assets.pre-prd.ton.com.brassets.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
capton-hook.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
capton-hook.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brcapton-hook.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api-admin.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
api-admin.pre-prd.ton.com.brapi-admin.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
documentos.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
documentos.pre-prd.ton.com.brdocumentos.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
authorizer.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
authorizer.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brauthorizer.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
connecton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
connecton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brconnecton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
orders.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
orders.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brorders.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
pluton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
pluton.api.ton.com.brpluton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
documentos.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
documentos.sdx.ton.com.brdocumentos.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
workfinity-cache.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
workfinity-cache.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brworkfinity-cache.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
workfinity-cache.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
workfinity-cache.api.sdx.ton.com.brworkfinity-cache.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
ctf.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
ctf.api.sdx.ton.com.brctf.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
customer-satisfaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
customer-satisfaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brcustomer-satisfaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
leads.api.ton.com.br is reachable
leads.api.ton.com.brleads.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
gerenton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
gerenton.api.sdx.ton.com.brgerenton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tapton.ton.com.br is reachable
tapton.ton.com.brtapton.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
loans.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
loans.api.sdx.ton.com.brloans.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
customer-satisfaton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
customer-satisfaton.api.ton.com.brcustomer-satisfaton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonzilla.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
tonzilla.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brtonzilla.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
leads.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
leads.api.sdx.ton.com.brleads.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
authorizer.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
authorizer.api.sdx.ton.com.brauthorizer.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
dev.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
dev.api.sdx.ton.com.brdev.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonkenizaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
tonkenizaton.api.sdx.ton.com.brtonkenizaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
biometron.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
biometron.api.sdx.ton.com.brbiometron.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
transferton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
transferton.api.sdx.ton.com.brtransferton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api-admin.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
api-admin.sdx.ton.com.brapi-admin.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonzilla.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
tonzilla.api.sdx.ton.com.brtonzilla.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
connecton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
connecton.api.sdx.ton.com.brconnecton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
risk-operations.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
risk-operations.sdx.ton.com.brrisk-operations.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
mocks.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
mocks.sdx.ton.com.brmocks.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tap-phone.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
tap-phone.api.sdx.ton.com.brtap-phone.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
capton-hook.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
capton-hook.api.sdx.ton.com.brcapton-hook.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
logistica.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
logistica.sdx.ton.com.brlogistica.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
assets.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
assets.sdx.ton.com.brassets.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
escamboton-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
escamboton-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.brescamboton-websocket.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
transactions.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
transactions.api.sdx.ton.com.brtransactions.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
transactions.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
transactions.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brtransactions.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
orders.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
orders.api.sdx.ton.com.brorders.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rendaextra.api.ton.com.br is reachable
rendaextra.api.ton.com.brrendaextra.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
customer-satisfaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
customer-satisfaton.api.sdx.ton.com.brcustomer-satisfaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tapton.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
tapton.pre-prd.ton.com.brtapton.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
shop.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
shop.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brshop.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
certificaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
certificaton.api.sdx.ton.com.brcertificaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonbot.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
tonbot.api.sdx.ton.com.brtonbot.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tapton.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
tapton.sdx.ton.com.brtapton.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
pluton.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
pluton.sdx.ton.com.brpluton.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
linkton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
linkton.api.sdx.ton.com.brlinkton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
risk-operations.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
risk-operations.pre-prd.ton.com.brrisk-operations.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
jarvis.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
jarvis.api.sdx.ton.com.brjarvis.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tap-phone.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
tap-phone.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brtap-phone.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
terminals.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
terminals.api.sdx.ton.com.brterminals.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
linkton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
linkton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brlinkton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
api.pre-prd.ton.com.brapi.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
leads.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
leads.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brleads.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
loans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
loans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brloans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
jarvis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
jarvis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brjarvis.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
terminals.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
terminals.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brterminals.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
ton.com.br is reachable
ton.com.brton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
intermeton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
intermeton.api.ton.com.brintermeton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rendaextra.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
rendaextra.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brrendaextra.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
intermeton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
intermeton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brintermeton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
escamboton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
escamboton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brescamboton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
escamboton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
escamboton.api.ton.com.brescamboton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
ton-stock.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
ton-stock.api.sdx.ton.com.brton-stock.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
escamboton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
escamboton.api.sdx.ton.com.brescamboton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
ton-stock.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
ton-stock.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brton-stock.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
ton-stock.api.ton.com.br is reachable
ton-stock.api.ton.com.brton-stock.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
shop.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
shop.api.sdx.ton.com.brshop.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
intermeton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
intermeton.api.sdx.ton.com.brintermeton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
workfinity-query.api.ton.com.br is reachable
workfinity-query.api.ton.com.brworkfinity-query.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
workfinity-query.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
workfinity-query.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brworkfinity-query.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
workfinity-query.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
workfinity-query.api.sdx.ton.com.brworkfinity-query.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
chat.wss.ton.com.br is reachable
chat.wss.ton.com.brchat.wss.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
cacheton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
cacheton.api.ton.com.brcacheton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
migraton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
migraton.api.ton.com.brmigraton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
cacheton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
cacheton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brcacheton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
cards.api.ton.com.br is reachable
cards.api.ton.com.brcards.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
migraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
migraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brmigraton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
cacheton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
cacheton.api.sdx.ton.com.brcacheton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
migraton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
migraton.api.sdx.ton.com.brmigraton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
ajuda.ton.com.br is reachable
ajuda.ton.com.brajuda.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
metabase.ton.com.br is reachable
metabase.ton.com.brmetabase.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
metabase.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
metabase.sdx.ton.com.brmetabase.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
metabase.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
metabase.pre-prd.ton.com.brmetabase.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
privacidade.ton.com.br is reachable
privacidade.ton.com.brprivacidade.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
cards.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
cards.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brcards.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
access.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
access.api.pre-prd.ton.com.braccess.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
access.api.ton.com.br is reachable
access.api.ton.com.braccess.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
pluton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
pluton.api.sdx.ton.com.brpluton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
cards.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
cards.api.sdx.ton.com.brcards.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
users.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
users.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brusers.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rendaextra.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
rendaextra.pre-prd.ton.com.brrendaextra.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rendaextra.ton.com.br is reachable
rendaextra.ton.com.brrendaextra.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
iamton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
iamton.api.ton.com.briamton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
iamton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
iamton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.briamton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
metrics-ton.ton.com.br is reachable
metrics-ton.ton.com.brmetrics-ton.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rendaextra.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
rendaextra.api.sdx.ton.com.brrendaextra.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
mpos.ton.com.br is reachable
mpos.ton.com.brmpos.ton.com.br is valid, but bad gateway!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
mpos.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
mpos.sdx.ton.com.brmpos.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but bad gateway!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
access.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
access.api.sdx.ton.com.braccess.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
mpos.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
mpos.pre-prd.ton.com.brmpos.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but bad gateway!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
ton.stone.com.br is reachable
ton.stone.com.brton.stone.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
iamton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
iamton.api.sdx.ton.com.briamton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
payments.api.ton.com.br is reachable
payments.api.ton.com.brpayments.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
payments.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
payments.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brpayments.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
payments.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
payments.api.sdx.ton.com.brpayments.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonpass.api.ton.com.br is reachable
tonpass.api.ton.com.brtonpass.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
smoffice.ton.com.br is reachable
smoffice.ton.com.brsmoffice.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonpass.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
tonpass.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brtonpass.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
plugin-rc.ton.com.br is reachable
plugin-rc.ton.com.brplugin-rc.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
smoffice.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
smoffice.sdx.ton.com.brsmoffice.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
smoffice.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
smoffice.pre-prd.ton.com.brsmoffice.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
metrics-ton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
metrics-ton.api.sdx.ton.com.brmetrics-ton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rendaextra.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
rendaextra.sdx.ton.com.brrendaextra.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
users.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
users.api.sdx.ton.com.brusers.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
link.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
link.sdx.ton.com.brlink.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
link.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
link.pre-prd.ton.com.brlink.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
mypocton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
mypocton.api.sdx.ton.com.brmypocton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
leaton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
leaton.api.ton.com.brleaton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
leaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
leaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brleaton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
leaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
leaton.api.sdx.ton.com.brleaton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
transformaton.ton.com.br is reachable
transformaton.ton.com.brtransformaton.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
transformaton.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
transformaton.sdx.ton.com.brtransformaton.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
lua.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
lua.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brlua.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
short.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
short.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brshort.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
short.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
short.api.sdx.ton.com.brshort.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
short.api.ton.com.br is reachable
short.api.ton.com.brshort.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
registon.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
registon.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brregiston.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
registon.api.ton.com.br is reachable
registon.api.ton.com.brregiston.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
registon.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
registon.api.sdx.ton.com.brregiston.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
id.vizir-id.ton.com.br is reachable
id.vizir-id.ton.com.brid.vizir-id.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
statement.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
statement.api.sdx.ton.com.brstatement.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
statement.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
statement.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brstatement.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
pixton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
pixton.api.sdx.ton.com.brpixton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but unknown error!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
id.preprd.vizir-id.ton.com.br is reachable
id.preprd.vizir-id.ton.com.brid.preprd.vizir-id.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
id.qa.vizir-id.ton.com.br is reachable
id.qa.vizir-id.ton.com.brid.qa.vizir-id.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
tonpass.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
tonpass.api.sdx.ton.com.brtonpass.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
bannerton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
bannerton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brbannerton.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
bannerton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
bannerton.api.sdx.ton.com.brbannerton.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
bannerton.api.ton.com.br is reachable
bannerton.api.ton.com.brbannerton.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
www.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
www.sdx.ton.com.brwww.sdx.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
www.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
www.pre-prd.ton.com.brwww.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
referrers.api.ton.com.br is reachable
referrers.api.ton.com.brreferrers.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
statements.api.ton.com.br is reachable
statements.api.ton.com.brstatements.api.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
referrers.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
referrers.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brreferrers.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
referrers.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
referrers.api.sdx.ton.com.brreferrers.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
statements.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
statements.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brstatements.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
statements.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
statements.api.sdx.ton.com.brstatements.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
plans.api.sdx.ton.com.br is reachable
plans.api.sdx.ton.com.brplans.api.sdx.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
plans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is reachable
plans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.brplans.api.pre-prd.ton.com.br is valid, but forbidden!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
api-tonbot.lojastonemais.com.br is reachable
api-tonbot.lojastonemais.com.brapi-tonbot.lojastonemais.com.br is not valid!


----------------- Checking Validity -----------------
rc.lojastonemais.com.br is reachable
rc.lojastonemais.com.brrc.lojastonemais.com.br is valid, but forbidden!
